---
layout: page
title: Legal Notice
permalink: /legal-notice/
---

<h2>General information</h2>

<ul class="unstyled-list">
  <li>Copyright 2014 © Marius Mateoc</li>
  <li>All rights reserved</li>
  <li>Marius Mateoc</li>
  <li>mail at marius.mateoc@gmail.com</li>
  <li>www.mariusmateoc.com</li>
</ul>

<h3>Liability for Content</h3>
<p>I make every effort to keep the information on my website current, but accept no liability whatsoever for the content provided.</p>

<p>I am not obligated to monitor third party information provided or stored on my website. However, I shall promptly remove any content upon becoming aware that it violates the law. My liability in such an instance shall commence at the time I become aware of the respective violation.</p>

<h3>Liability for Links</h3>
<p>My site contains links to third-party websites. I have no influence whatsoever on the information on these websites and accept no guaranty for its correctness. The content of such third-party sites is the responsibility of the respective owners/providers.</p>

<p>At the time third-party websites were linked to mine, I found NO GROUNDS WHATSOEVER of any likely contravention of the law. I shall promptly delete a link upon becoming aware that it violates the law.</p>

<h3>Copyrights</h3>
<p>The content and works provided on these webpages are governed by the copyright laws of Romania. Duplication, processing, distribution, or any form of commercialization of such material beyond the scope of the copyright law shall require the prior written consent of its respective author or creator.</p>

<h3>Data Protection</h3>
<p>Please be aware that there are inherent security risks in transmitting data, such as e-mails, via the Internet, because it is impossible to safeguard completely against unauthorized access by third parties. Nevertheless, I shall safeguard your data, subject to this limitation. In particular, personal information will be transmitted via the Internet only if it does not infringe upon third-party rights, unless the respective party has given its prior consent in view of such security risks. Accordingly, as the website provider, I shall not be held liable for any damages incurred as a consequence of such security risks or for any related acts of omission on our part.</p>

<p>I oppose the use of any available contact information by a third party for sending unsolicited advertisements. As the website provider, I reserve the express right to take legal action against unsolicited mailing or e-mailing of spam and other similar advertising materials.</p>

<h3>Google Analytics</h3>
<p>This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).</p>

<p>Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.</p>

<p>In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.</p>

<p>Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA.</p>

<p>On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider.</p>

<p>Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.</p>

<p>You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.</p>

<p>Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under <a href="https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB">https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB</a>.</p>

<p>Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at <a href="http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html">http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html</a> or at <a href="http://www.google.com/intl/enuk/analytics/privacyoverview.html.">http://www.google.com/intl/enuk/analytics/privacyoverview.html.</a></p>

<p>Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat.anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).</p>
